docs: add ginger upgrade to docs, update links (#1758)
celestiaorg/docs: how-to-guides/network-upgrade-process.md

1. **Pre-programmed height**: Used for the Lemongrass network upgrade (v2)
2. **In-protocol signaling**: Used for all subsequent upgrades (v3+)

Under the in-protocol signaling mechanism, validators submit messages to signal their readiness and preference for the next version. The upgrade activates automatically once a quorum of 5/6 of validators has signaled for the same version.

## Upgrade process

The upgrade process can be broken down into a few steps:
1. [Celestia Improvement Proposals](https://cips.celestia.org) (CIPs) are created for consensus-breaking changes and features that impact user experience. These CIPs are included in a meta-CIP, which define the scope of the upgrade.
1. Celestia core developer teams implement the features defined in the CIPs.
1. A new binary is released with the new features to be tested on testnets.
1. Validators upgrade their nodes to the new binary, on [Arabica devnet](./arabica-devnet.md), [Mocha testnet](./mocha-testnet.md), and finally on Celestia [Mainnet Beta](./mainnet.md).

>     - For upgrades using pre-programmed height (v2): A block number for when the breaking network upgrade occurs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Upgrades using pre-programmed height (v2) activate at a predetermined block number.
```

>     - For upgrades using in-protocol signaling (v3+): Reaching 5/6 validator consensus on the new version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Upgrades using in-protocol signaling (v3+) activate one week after 5/6 of the voting power has signaled for a particular version
```

### Upcoming upgrade

#### Ginger network upgrade

The Ginger network upgrade (v3) will be the first to use the new in-protocol signaling mechanism defined in [CIP-10](https://cips.celestia.org/cip-10.html). This upgrade includes changes defined in [CIP-25](https://cips.celestia.org/cip-25.html):

Key features include:
- [CIP-21](https://cips.celestia.org/cip-21.html): Introduce blob type with verified signer
- [CIP-24](https://cips.celestia.org/cip-24.html): Versioned Gas Scheduler Variables
- [CIP-26](https://cips.celestia.org/cip-26.html): Versioned timeouts
- [CIP-27](https://cips.celestia.org/cip-27.html): Block limits for number of PFBs and non-PFBs
- [CIP-28](https://cips.celestia.org/cip-28.html): Transaction size limit

> Unlike the Lemongrass upgrade, there will not be a pre-programmed upgrade height. Instead, validators will signal their readiness for v3 through in-protocol signaling, and the upgrade will automatically activate once 5/6 of validators have signaled support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the Lemongrass upgrade, there will not be a pre-programmed upgrade height. Instead, validators will signal their readiness for v3 through in-protocol signaling, and the upgrade will automatically activate one week after 5/6 of voting power have signaled for a particular version.
```
